---
title: Oppskåke
date: 2021-09-15T13:17:07+01:00
author: Gard Mek
aliases:
  - /2021/09/15/964/
---

## Friday 1. October 19.00-23.00

This year the Corn Beer Festival will have an extra event for those who want to experience an Oppskåke in the traditional way! In the old days, people would invite friends and neighbors when the beer had finished fermenting, and fortunately this old tradition has survived to the present day, and the Corn Beer Festival is now happy to invite you to participate in this tradition. In addition to tasting fresh corn beer, we will also serve cured meats. The host of the oppskåke is traditional brewer Stig Seljeset from Hornindal.

To add a special touch to the oppskåke, we will also have traditional music performed by Britt Pernille Frøholm, who will present music with local roots. Britt Pernille Frøholm is a versatile folk musician from Hornindal who over the past 15 years has become a highly respected musician and a driving force for international musical collaborations in many formats and forms. With her many critically acclaimed albums within several genres, she has toured much of the world, and has won both local and national awards and grants for her artistry. She got early exposure to the local traditional dance music of her home region through her grandfather Matias Frøholm, and later apprenticed with other musicians such as Arne M. Sølvberg and Finn Vabø. Frøholm has released several albums and is active in the bands Kviven duo, MAAR, Boreas, and Friensemblet as well as several different solo projects. In 2021 she was nominated for the Gramophone Prize for the solo album "Fokhaugen," a recording of folk music from Hornindal and Sunnylven. In 2015 she was awarded Oppland County Municipality's artist grant, and has had the State's Artist Grant for 2016-18.

The oppskåke will take place in authentic surroundings at Gausemel in Hornindal, in a timber cabin from around 1800. Transportation will be arranged from the hotel. Tickets are available on Tikkio. Link: https://tikkio.com/tickets/23286-norsk-kornolfestival-2021. The ticket is called "extra oppskåke" and is at the bottom of the list.

NB: Only 10 tickets will be released.
